fix: life-at-dwarves (#24)
dwarvesf/WeAreHiring: life/thanh-pham.md

- lifeatdwarves
- software
- career
title: "Meet Thanh Pham: Ensuring a healthy environment for everyone to thrive"
short_title: Thanh Pham
date: 2022-02-14
description: Been with us for nearly 5 years, Thanh has been taking care of the juniors and ensuring their progress goes alongside the company’s direction. He is also the co-host of Dwarves Radio Talk - our weekly tech training every Monday.
authors: 
- duy
---

> Been with us for nearly 5 years, [@thanh](https://github.com/zlatanpham) has been taking care of the juniors and ensuring their progress goes alongside the company’s direction. He is also the co-host of Dwarves Radio Talk - our weekly tech training every Monday.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Been with us for nearly 5 years, [@thanh](https://memo.d.foundation/contributor/thanh) has been taking care of the juniors and ensuring their progress goes alongside the company’s direction. He is also the co-host of Dwarves Radio Talk - our weekly tech training every Monday.
```

For other members, can we use their memo links when possible?
